Title: SinaRun Live Coding : The Experience
Date: 2015-05-02 17:59
Author: Princesseuh
Category: Games
Slug: sinarun-live-coding-the-experience
Tags: SinaRun, livestream
Status: published

**Hai!**

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Starting posts with 'hai' is
the new meta for this blog</span>. 'Hai' used to be quite popular but it
eventually falled off when the 'better memes' started kicking in. So I'm
taking the 'hai!' for myself.

Now there's a important thing to note here. *LOLCAT* language is still
popular and it does include 'hai' as a 'Hello' alternative but to me
'hai' was never exclusive to LOLCAT language. What do you guys think?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Anyway that's not important for the moment.** Take notes still though!

Let's talk about my problem : **I'm the laziest developer in the fucking
world.** SinaRun was supposed to be released soon after greenlight but
the game has been greenlit since September and still no release!! What's
happening? Motivation problems? Yes exactly! SinaRun is a nice game and
I like it. Since the last update I already included some cool stuff all
around : Steam Achievements, Steam Trading Cards, Steam Lobby for
multiplayer so you can join your friends. (It's not 100% finished yet
but it's pretty close)

I also added some options and fixed a bunch of things. **More
importantly I recoded a major part of the game in C\#** to allow for
better usage of the Steam API and also because it's a bit clearer than
*UnityScript*. It's also similar to other languages I like so I can
switch between all of these without any big problems!

What's left for release you may ask? Answer : **Content!** I added some
levels but we need more levels. Levels are fun! Also **Steam
Leaderboards**! It's the last Steam API function needed. I also talked
about making a Level Editor but it's not intended to be released at the
same time the game release anyway since I also need to add Workshop
support so everyone can ~~sell~~ share his maps with other players.

*<span style="opacity: 0.8;">Today I bought **Taylor Swift** latest
album : 1989. For the moment my favorite song in it is '<span
style="text-decoration: underline;">This Love</span>' but it might be
because I already listened to '<span
style="text-decoration: underline;">Style</span>' and '<span
style="text-decoration: underline;">Blank Space</span>' a lot. Actually
I can't even listen to Blank Space anymore. I don't like it anymore!
<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Bad Blood</span> is also
pretty cool! I think it will be my next favorite song in it. Cause baby
we got bad blood.</span>*

**Anyway.** As you see there's not much things to add to finish up the
game and release it. So why am I panicking you might ask? Well. I'm
still young (Just a young boy trying to play some dota) so obviously I'm
not in need of money yet. So what's the problem? The problem is <span
style="text-decoration: underline;">Love&Luck</span>. Not the concept
because Love is pretty nice and I'm a pretty lucky (young boy). But the
game.


![Logo du jeu Love&Luck]({filename}/assets/2015-05-02-sinarun-live-coding-the-experience/loveluck-logo.png)

<!-- more -->

My English audience hasn't heard of it because it was originally a
*text-heavy* game and I couldn't translate it but the project evolved
into something much more translatable (and sell-able) even the French
crowd hasn't heard of what the project is currently now but I promise
you. **It evolved into something much bigger**. You guys will hear more
about it this summer. I promise it's very *good*! Everyone that has seen
it says that it's A-W-E-S-O-M-E so it must be!

I still didn't describe what **the problem with the release date of
SinaRun** was did I? Well like I said I want you guys to hear about
Love&Luck this summer. To make news about a game you actually need to
make the game so I would like to start making Love&Luck this **summer**.
For that I need to release SinaRun before you know! **Now now I know
'don't have two projects at the same time!!!!'.** Well I've been working
on SinaRun for almost **years**! (and the reason the game is not yet
fully advanced is because <span style="text-decoration: underline;">*I
lost my way*.</span>)

**The game is playable, people find it fun, there's a good soundtrack
and there's multiplayer!** All of the 'normal' features are actually
there (except Leaderboards but these depended on Steam). Considering the
very low cost of the game (<span
style="text-decoration: underline;">2-3$</span>) I don't think it's
totally absurd to release it with a 'normal' amount of content and then
update it later. Specially considering it's a game where you do the same
map a bunch of time in a row until you become the very best.

**Is the game gonna die after the release? .. Maybe who knows.**
*InMomentum* died after release and it's a quite similar game to
SinaRun. I fully understand that the game might die and that releasing
with not a huge amount of content might even make it die faster. However
unlike InMomentum, the game cost 2-3$ and I'm a solo-developper that
can actually listen to feedback. So maybe it can live.

There's also something I explored earlier this year : **Early Access.**
Months ago I asked the community what they thought of Early Access and
**everyone was happy about it and said they would like to play it as
early as possible on Steam so hey. That's something.** Early Access is
not well seen on the internet though. But since the core of the game is
finished I think it wouldn't be a problem. Obviously the game would be
at reduced cost during Early Access (probably 2$ like right now) and I
would keep adding content (levels once in a while and gamemodes) and
finish up the Level Editor later on while working on Love&Luck. What you
guys need to know about Love&Luck is that I'll be working with someone
else on it which means I can fully afford working on a lesser project
(SinaRun) while developing Love&Luck. **Will I release in Early Access?
Maybe. It's something I'll look at.**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Alright let's enter the core of this post.** *(930 words and we are
still not in the subject. Classic Princesseuh)*

I admit it fully. **I lack motivation right now for SinaRun** (recoding
a game is not a fun experience! In general you avoid it in Software
development but it was a very informative experience for me and overall
it help the game a lot). If I was as motivated as other devs the game
would have been available in November/December. But I'm not! **At
All. **

**This month (May) I would like to start something with you guys!** When
I started making the first SinaRun I actually streamed the development.
Sure I didn't have much viewers (5-10 usually) but once in a while
someone would come and say hello. Which was pretty fun + I could ask for
direct feedback which is pretty cool! (And is also the reason why Is
kinda like the Early Access concept)

![Logo de Twitch]({filename}/assets/2015-05-02-sinarun-live-coding-the-experience/twitch-logo.png)

So this Month I would like to announce :

**The -almost- 30 days May Rush of SinaRun.**
---------------------------------------------

**Streamed on Twitch at the same exact channel I streamed SinaRun 1
development years ago** : <http://www.twitch.tv/princesseuh/> (the
viewer counter is broken at 0. I promise I had viewers!)

**Why I'm making a stream?** Because it force me to motivate myself and
seeing people interested in the project also motivate myself. Also
people asked for it when I was doing the Ludum Dare months ago but I
didn't have my setup ready and I wasn't sure I was really gonna get
-any- viewers.

**Will I get viewers this time? Maybe not.** But it's still fun! And
this time Twitch has a 'Game development' part on the website so it's
easier to get noticed and my 'userbase' is bigger than it was before
aswell. I think I'll do fine. If I don't.. well I'll invite *my friends*
to watch I guess..

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">I'll -try to- stream everyday
starting from now until the end of May.</span> **At the end of May I
release the game on Steam** if possible. Otherwise.. I'll keep working
on it until It's ready. If the live-streaming thing work correctly and
everyone like it **I'll try to continue live-streaming the development
of Love&Luck from the very beginning**!

Does this interest you guys? I sure hope so. Like I said I'll stream
even if I get no viewers. Just to motivate myself. I'm that desperate
sometime.

*No matter what happen, Romeo.* We will be together and I'll still
finish this damn game before starting Love&Luck. I hope you guys don't
mind seeing non-organised code and bad workflow!

**When will the first session start? To-Fucking-day (if possible)** I
want to start that as soon as possible. Delaying it will eventually
become a real issue. As always I'll announce the thing on mah
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/VanillaHoys) because that's where I can
communicate the most. Also a banner will be shown on my website (so
right here actually) like it used to be back when I did streams.
('Today' is 2 May)

**Which days will be missed? Because if I understand correctly you're
not gonna be able to stream everyday? I actually don't know.** For some
reason I have a 'job' and it's not a full-time job and it's pretty much
random when I work or not. I'll try to warn people these days so people
don't expect a stream when there's no stream coming.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Princesseuh) | [Follow me on Twitch](http://www.twitch.tv/princesseuh/) {style="text-align: center;"}
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<span style="display: block; text-align:center">**Actually, It's about fixing my motivation problems.**</span>
